Updated the constraints documentation to add is-unique (#512)
usnistgov/metaschema: website/content/specification/syntax/constraints.md

The expect constraint would pass for each `sibling` in the `parent` named "p1", and would fail for each `sibling` in the `parent` named "p2".

## `is-unique` constraints

> ----

Reviewer: This is looking good but can you removed the dashes?

```suggestion
```

Author: Removed

The `is-unique` constraint is a type of Metaschema constraint that restricts field or flag value(s) based on a component not being referenced more than once.

The `id` attribute of an `is-unique` constraint specifies an identifier for the constraint.

The `@target` attribute of an `<is-unique>` constraint specifies the node in a component definition whose value is distinct. The `is-unique` constraint MUST define a [`@target`](#target) with a Metapath expression.

> The `key-field` child element of an `is-unique` constraint defines the attribute or element value that is the key or uuid. **???** The `key-field` element MUST define a [`@target`](#target) attribute with a Metapath expression evaluated relative to [the evaluation focus](#constraint-processing) of the constraint's `@target`.

Reviewer: Re the question marks, we should align with the wording in #494.

```suggestion
The `<key-field>` child element of an `<is-unqiue>` constraint defines the attribute or element value that is the key for each entry in the index. The `<key-field>` element MUST define a [`@target`](#target) attribute with a Metapath expression evaluated relative to [the evaluation focus](#constraint-processing) of each entry of the matches of the constraint's `@target`.
```

> An `is-unique` constraint MAY define only one `@key-field`. 

Reviewer: I believe this is a must no? I'll have to check when back from lunch.

```suggestion
An `is-unique` constraint MUST define only one `@key-field`. 
```

Author: This is a typo. It should read: **MUST**

Reviewer: I actually take this back as I was confused, I need to amend my suggestion as well: did you test this out with the CLI or XSLT tools? I believe the document and functionality should match `index-has-key` or `index` in this regard, other parts are different.

```suggestion
An `is-unique` constraint MAY define more than one `<key-field>` child element. The composite key for each entry in the index is the combination of values for the `@target` of every `<key-field/>`. The composite values of the key are the discriminator for the uniqueness of the index entry.
```

If defined, the `<message>` value MUST be a [Metaschema string value](/specification/datatypes#string). It MAY contain a Metapath expression templates that starts with `{`, contains a Metapath expression, and ends with `}`.  When evaluating a template Metapath expression, the context of the Metapath [evaluation focus](#constraint-processing) MUST be the failing value node.

## `is-unique` constraints

> The `is-unique` constraint is a type of Metaschema constraint that restricts field or flag value(s) based on a component not being referenced more than once.

Reviewer 2: `is-unique` is not about references. It checks that a computed key, based on field and flag values, doesn't occur more than once.

Author: Updated to: The `is-unique` constraint is a type of Metaschema constraint that checks that a computed key, based on field and flag values, does not occur more than once.

> The `id` attribute of an `is-unique` constraint specifies an identifier for the constraint.

Reviewer 2: This should link to the section of this spec defining the `id` attribute.

> The `@target` attribute of an `<is-unique>` constraint specifies the node in a component definition whose value is distinct. The `is-unique` constraint MUST define a [`@target`](#target) with a Metapath expression.

Reviewer 2: Not sure how component definitions relate here. This should be consistent with the text used in similar constraints. The target identifies the nodes that are checked for uniqueness based on the computed key.

Author: I may have to revisit this comment.

> The `key-field` child element of an `<is-unique>` constraint defines the attribute or element value that is the key for each entry in the index. The `<key-field>` element MUST define a [`@target`](#target) attribute with a Metapath expression evaluated relative to [the evaluation focus](#constraint-processing) of each entry of the matches of the constraint's `@target`.

Reviewer 2: We should avoid using XML terminology here. Instead, we should use Metaschema terms like flag, field, and assembly.

Author: Should this read,  "The `key-field` field  of an `<is-unique>'

The `@name` flag of an `<index>` constraint MUST specify the name of a previously defined `index` constraint.

The `index-has-key` constraint has the same flags and assemblies as a [`index`](#index-constraints) constraint.
## `is-unique` constraints

> The `is-unique` constraint is a type of Metaschema constraint that checks that a computed key, based on field and flag values, does not occur more than once.

Reviewer: Blocking: It took a little while to understand why have `is-unique` at all so maybe we want should editorialize a little here. I would like others' feedback here as well. I think it would be very helpful to say up front why it is basically like `index` but different: it operates the same without explicitly building an index.

```suggestion
The `is-unique` constraint is a type of Metaschema constraint that checks that a computed key, based on field and flag values, does not occur more than once. Unlike `index`, an explicit, named index is not created. Therefore, this constraint MUST not define a `@name` attribute.
```

The [`id`](#id) attribute of an `is-unique` constraint specifies an identifier for the constraint.

The `@target` attribute of an `<is-unique>` constraint identifies the node(s) in a document instance that are checked for uniqueness based on the computed key. The `is-unique` constraint MUST define a [`@target`](#target) with a Metapath expression.

The `key-field` field of an `<is-unique>` constraint defines the attribute or element value that is the key for each entry in the index. The `<key-field>` element MUST define a [`@target`](#target) attribute with a Metapath expression evaluated relative to [the evaluation focus](#constraint-processing) of each entry of the matches of the constraint's `@target`.

> An `is-unique` constraint MUST define only one `@key-field`. 

Reviewer: The above line was changed in the last commit but this line is still incorrect. To align with the `index` section, I would make them more or less identical.

```suggestion
An `is-unique` constraint MAY define more than one `<key-field>` assembly. The composite key for each entry in the index is the combination of values for the `@target` of every `<key-field/>`. The composite values of the key are the discriminator for the uniqueness of the index entry.
```

> If the evaluation of the Metapath `@target` of the `is-unique`, then the computed key does not occur more than once within the same capability, its value will result to true.

Author: I changed the statement to,
 `If the evaluation of the Metapath ``@target`` of the ``<key-field>`` results in a true result, then ``@target`` does not occur more than once.`
 
I believe it reads a lot better.

> If the evaluation of the Metapath `@target` of the `is-unique`, then the computed key does not occur more than once within the same capability, its value will result to true.

Reviewer 2: The evaluation of the target must result in a node result with a value, not a boolean result. This is because the result is used as the value for the key segment represented by the `key-field`. This text needs to be reoriented with this understanding.

> If the evaluation of the Metapath `@target` of the `is-unique`, then the computed key does not occur more than once within the same capability, its value will result to true.

Reviewer 2: This was resolved with the most recent edits.

The `@target` attribute of an `<is-unique>` constraint identifies the node(s) in a document instance that are checked for uniqueness based on the computed key. The `is-unique` constraint MUST define a [`@target`](#target) with a Metapath expression.

> A `<key-field>` field of an `<is-unique>` constraint defines the attribute or element value that is the key for each entry in the index. A `<key-field>` element MUST define at least one [`@target`](#target) attribute with a Metapath expression evaluated relative to [the evaluation focus](#constraint-processing) of each entry of the matches of the constraint's `@target`.

Reviewer: Close, but "at least one" target sounds like target is optional on key-field when it is mandatory.

```suggestion
A `<key-field>` assembly of an `<is-unique>` constraint defines the flag or field value that is the key for each entry in the index. The `<key-field>` field MUST define a [`@target`](#target) flag with a Metapath expression evaluated relative to [the evaluation focus](#constraint-processing) of each entry of the matches of the constraint's `@target`.
```
